Our application is becoming better and better,
we're nearing the end of this course but one crucial feature is missing, authentication.
We got that auth screen
but right now it isn't doing anything,
we can't really sign users up or in and therefore anyone can use our application right now, anyone can
access our backend.
Now in some applications you want this but in this app, I want to add authentication. Therefore in this module,
we'll have a hook at how we can protect our app,
we'll have a hook at how it actually works,
how does authentication work in a react native app
because it is different to a traditional web app where you have views and probably work with a session
and of course you will not only learn how it works but also how to implement it
and along the way, you will learn about using async storage, a crucial API or tool provided by react
native that allows you to store data even across app restarts,
extremely important for persistent user sessions but of course useful for storing any data.
So this is what we'll dive into,
let's start.